DOC-3224: CSS resource files were not loaded correctly when bundled. (#3938)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.3.0-release-notes.adoc

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {productname} {release-version}.

=== Media Optimizer

The {productname} {release-version} release includes an accompanying release of the **Media Optimizer** premium plugin.

**Media Optimizer** includes the following fixes, changes, and improvements.

> ==== CSS resource files were not loaded correctly when bundled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== CSS resource files were not loaded correctly.
```
since the issue was more that because they weren't loaded correctly, bundling failed?

> Previously, Media Optimizer CSS resource files were not loaded correctly when bundled. In {productname} {release-version}, this issue has been resolved by ensuring that CSS resource files for Media Optimizer are now loaded correctly when bundled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, Media Optimizer CSS resource files were not loaded correctly. This mainly caused issues when trying to bundle this plugin. In {productname} {release-version}, this issue has been resolved by ensuring that CSS resource files for Media Optimizer are now loaded correctly.
```
more correct I think?
